Hi, what a good video today, a video.
quite different here on the channel is a video
where I 'm going to tell you about
the white galaxy km 12 the hamburg yes and I
I bought it he arrived today and like me
I know you like to know all these
things here as cell phone will serve to
the channel so I find it very interesting
is showing you if you
want then I can present my
cousin over there on his channel is talking everything
right your home for you to stay
knowing everything right then beauty
The box is here on the side.
months of it is the
phone that the self is everyone
talking to the cell of the self because
have a cell phone with cost benefit so
cheap that has 5 megapixels in front
so he shoots on HD too on the front
and it's very good for me that I do
I want to blog so this is
and the camera in front of it is
of 8 megapixels and it also states in
hd in full hd and she's from here it's a
model with digital tv that I got more
100 also has a tv
he has a very nice resource that is
you take it self with people and do not
also have everyone or if you have not
reaching for you, taking the photo
on the cellphone
you can activate the hand feature that
he takes a photo
I'll show you here quickly.
so here I choose the cell phone in color
Graphite it also has in white model
This is the device and I'm going to show it.
what's inside the box came good
It's all handy for him.
the cell phone model
It Comes With White AC Headphone
to answer the call is a good phone
normal with the USB cable and power
2.600 m ampere battery
and with the portable charger in black color
he has is 5 inches on his screen is
a cell phone a very good size is a
Very thin model, let me draw it here.
pat him
ottawa sale is a pretty cell phone is
very light
op to graphite color and it's these people are well
Nice in my hand, that's good.
Little girl, you can not touch it.
bad that in front it has the sensors
the front camera the dual chip logo
here we have the flash
the 8-megapixel camera the sound output
here is the volume button and here
power lock down here
the power input and usb input
here we have a microphone here we have the
headphone jack here we have the
cell phone antenna that's what's coming
in the box I will not show it all
Right now for you guys because you still
I'll test it and everything.
and how I do not understand cell phone very well
I'm going to ask my cousin there in the channel.
Then I do not know when I do not know.
Even when I'm going to be able to see him, but he
has a channel and it will do several
videos about these things he understands
enough then if you want him to
do a review video of saw in the
His channel is just you asking me to
When he does I'll tell you more
if you want me to do a video
talking about his camera can ask
I'll do it myself because I'm going to
I bought more and if there because of the camera
to record soon to you
so I'm definitely talking about him
on the camera if it's worth I saw a
girl talking that he is the cell phone of
bloggers is something that I find well
but this very much hope that you have
I like sorry, I've never done that thing.
kind of video only to do because I know
that there are people who like to know
these things I hope so much that
You would like to apologize for any
thing liked one like comment here
below sign on the perceived channel of
more updates so that's it
Super kiss until next time and thanks